Feature/mathandreduce (#41608)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/expressions.md

The inf, nan, and null functions all return a single value of the name. They primarily exist for testing. Example: `null()`. (Note: inf always returns positive infinity, should probably change this to take an argument so it can return negative infinity).

##### round

> The round function returns a rounded integer value. Example: `round(3.123)` or `round($A)`. (This function should probably take an argument so it can add presision to the rounded value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Round returns a rounded integer value. For example, `round(3.123)` or `round($A)`. (This function should probably take an argument so it can add precision to the rounded value).
```

Author: Changing the wording would then be inconsistent with how the inf, nan and null function wording has been done.

Reviewer: We are refactoring docs and will remove the inconsistency. Use https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels/expressions/#reduce as an example of how to add new content. Thanks.

##### ceil

> The ceil function rounds the number up to the nearest integer value. Example: `ceil(3.123)` returns 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ceil rounds the number up to the nearest integer value. For example, `ceil(3.123)` returns 4.
```

##### floor

> The floor function round the number down the the nearest integer value. Example: `floor(3.123)` returns 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Floor rounds the number down to the nearest integer value. For example, `floor(3.123)` returns 3.
```

Sum returns the total of all values in the series. If series is of zero length, the sum will be 0. If there are any NaN or Null values in the series, NaN is returned.

#### Last

> Last returns the last number in the series. If the series has no values then NaN is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last returns the last number in the series. If the series has no values then returns NaN.
```
